in this video I'm going to talk about
three free B2B Google ads courses that
you can take if you want to master this
topic this year these courses are
sequential so you can start with the
first one then go to the second one and
finally the third one so without further
Ado let's walk through it so if you go
to AC conversion.com and you sign up for
free you can go here to the courses
section and in the courses section
you're going to see these three Google
ad courses that I created teaching you
how to go from a beginner to an expert
in Google ads for B2B specifically the
problem with most Google ad courses is
they're geared towards small business or
e-commerce and if you're getting into
B2B and SAS there are complete nuances
that are missed with these General
generic courses so just to kind of walk
through these courses with the 101
course this one's all around how to
launch your campaigns from start to
finish so if you actually click on the
course here you're going to see more
about the uh the module so in module one
we're going to talk about the Google
verse and the game you're playing and
how to win so this is really where you
get like a good Google ads crash course
you understand the formula for winning
Google ads the relevance game how to
know if Google ads is right for you with
the Google ad Sweet Spot understanding
all the key terms and metrics and
terminology to understand the lingo of
Google ads how to master your account
and the three pillars for a successful
launch in the second module we're going
to all into measurement so this where
we'll talk about building your
conversion funnel setting up conversion
tracking uh understanding how to set up
value track templates and uh get better
data and insights building a Google ads
operating system and dashboard for
reporting to understand your
contribution to your CRM and your
pipeline and revenue performance in
module three we're going to dive into
targeting so we're going to get into
keywords versus Search terms uh how to
defend yourself against Google spending
your budget really important lesson and
then in module four we're going to get
into planning so this is where we're
going to get into the Google ads launch
formula so you'll learn step by step you
can see it's all laid out for you here
on how to actually launch your campaign
from start to finish so the idea with
Google ads 101 is it's for beginners so
if you don't know anything about Google
ads this is where you'll start and then
once you graduate you have your
campaigns live now the next step is for
you to go into Google ads 102 where
we're going to teach you how to actually
convert your clicks into profits because
if you're new to Google ads it's very
easy to launch a campaign that's the
easy part the hard part is okay my
campaign is launched what do I do now
how do I make it better how do I go from
here so that's what 102 is all about
just to give you some context in the
first module we're going to talk about
visibility and how to find the whole
sucking profits so in this module we're
going to cover the eight-part Google ads
audit process so how to audit your
account from top to bottom this is the
exact same process we intern we use
internally in our Ad Agency working with
seven figure SAS companies like our
clients include active campaign mix
panel Checker net spy like the the list
goes on in terms of like big software
companies that are running millions of
dollars in ad spend every single sing Le
year this the exact same audit process
we would run them through next you're
going to learn about workflows and how
to optimize your account on a daily
weekly monthly and quarterly basis so
I'll show you everything step by step
with accompanying resources and
templates to understand how to actually
optimize your account then we're going
to go into experimentation this is where
we'll talk about how to actually
automate profitability so we're going to
talk about the concept of automated
rules and using Automation in your
optimization process and really taking
you to the next level campaign
experiments landing page experiments and
then finally in module 4 we're going to
go into troubleshooting so how to answer
some of the most common problems that
arise when uh managing Google ad
campaigns so that's Google ads 102 and
there's one more course if that's not
enough already which is all around
scaling for the advanced advertisers and
this is the end of our Trilogy here and
this is all about how do you scale your
search campaigns to the next level so in
module one we're going to talk about the
concept of vertically scaling Google ad
campaigns uh with the three-phase
process in module two we're going to
talk about how to scale horizontally
through campaign themes and then finally
in module 3 we're going to talk about
how to scale outside of paid search with
some different channels so all of our
courses if you're not familiar these are
not you know courses filmed on a a
webcam uh these are all production level
quality courses like you can see here on
the right they are jam-packed with
resources and templates and uh again
they're 100% free so just just to show
you what it looks like when you actually
log into the LMS this is what you'll see
here so you'll be able to access the
course content just like this if you
scroll down you'll be able to access the
course workbook that has all of the
accompanying resources the uh transcript
if you have questions you can join the
community and it's all laid out for you
here so that you can learn this uh in
the most effective way possible so if
you are looking to learn B2B Google ads
in this year then I cannot recommend a
better resource than our three free
courses I have pulled literally hundreds
of B2B marketers asking them where do
you learn B2B and uh you know ads for
SAS and they could not give me a good
straightforward answer so that is the
problem we are hoping to solve here
giving you one place you can go to
master B2B advertising from start to
finish so uh if you're asking and you're
wondering like what's the catch how are
these courses free this is crazy I know
I have a joke with people but I always
say like I'm either the smartest person
in the world or the dumbest person in
the world because I'm giving everything
away for free and like literally not
asking for anything other than hey you
need to create an account so you can
access the course material uh so you
have to sign up that's literally it so
the only catch is if you get value from
the course all we ask is that you leave
a testimonial or you share with your
friends or colleagues to help us spread
the word to as many people as possible
so anyways if you guys want to get
access to these courses I will drop them
in the links in the description box down
below and uh hopefully we will see you
on the other side of the academy I'll
see you in the next video